​​​ ​Moona Hoshinova - High Tide​ ​​
​​​ ​Music & Concept: Moona Hoshinova​ ​​
​​​ ​Music & Lyrics: ZSunder​ ​​
​​​ ​Animation: Furaisen, Shino_Kitsune​ ​​
​​​ ​Movie: rumskii​ ​​
​​ ​3DCG: lemonade;(Vibetronic)​ ​​
​​​ ​When you look up at the night sky​ ​​
​​​ ​What do you see?​ ​​
​​​ ​The glowing beauty in the twilight​ ​​
​​​ ​It's no mystery​ ​​
​​​ ​Now watch me set the scene​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll light it all up​ ​​
​​​ ​When the time has come​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll be rising high​ ​​
​​​ ​Longing for me like a lifeline​ ​​
​​​ ​Whenever you see​ ​​
​​​ ​My shine​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll catch your eye​ ​​
​​​ ​It's pulling you in​ ​​
​​​ ​Like gravity​ ​​
​​​ ​You will be bowing on your knees, yeah​ ​​
​​​ ​Pulling you in​ ​​
​​​ ​Close to me​ ​​
​​​ ​Watch my glory and might​ ​​
​​​ ​Following me like a high tide​ ​​
​​​ ​My reign will never stop​ ​​
​​​ ​The tide begins to rise up to the top​ ​​
​​​ ​Let my power ignite​ ​​
​​​ ​Following me like a high tide​ ​​
​​​ ​Ooo ohh​ ​​
​​​ ​I can be a bright enigma​ ​​
​​​ ​It's no surprise​ ​​
​​​ ​But you'll give in to the brilliance​ ​​
​​​ ​Like a moth to a light​ ​​
​​​ ​Playing hard to get​ ​​
​​​ ​But I ain't patient​ ​​
​​​ ​You'll succumb to my blinding radiance yeah​ ​​
​​​ ​When you look up at the night sky​ ​​
​​​ ​What do you see?​ ​​
​​​ ​My shine!​ ​​
​​​ ​An effulgent sight​ ​​
​​​ ​It's pulling you in​ ​​
​​​ ​Like gravity​ ​​
​​​ ​You will be bowing on your knees, yeah​ ​​
​​​ ​Pulling you in​ ​​
​​​ ​Close to me​ ​​
​​​ ​Watch my glory and might​ ​​
​​​ ​Following me like a high tide​ ​​
​​​ ​My reign will never stop​ ​​
​​​ ​The tide begins to rise up to the top​ ​​
​​​ ​Let my power ignite​ ​​
​​​ ​Following me like a high tide​ ​​
​​​ ​Ooo ohh​ ​​
​​​ ​I shine the brightest in the night​ ​​
​​​ ​The way the waves come nigh​ ​​
​​​ ​Ohh​ ​​
​​​ ​It's pulling you in​ ​​
​​​ ​Like gravity​ ​​
​​​ ​You will be bowing on your knees, yeah​ ​​
​​​ ​Pulling you in​ ​​
​​​ ​Close to me​ ​​
​​​ ​Watch my glory and might​ ​​
​​​ ​Following me like a high tide​ ​​
​​​ ​My reign will never stop​ ​​
​​​ ​The tide begins to rise up to the top​ ​​
​​​ ​Let my power ignite​ ​​
​​​ ​Following me like a high tide​ ​​
​​​ ​Ooo ohh​ ​​